how to drive more sales from instagram
did you know that instagram has over a
billion users according to statista now
just think about how many sales
you are generating from instagram i bet
you're generating a tiny amount of sales
from instagram if not realistically zero
sales so how do you change that well you
could use ads but that's expensive so
what else is that well there are a few
strategies that you can use that work
tip one use linktree linktree is a tool
that you can put in your bio on
instagram and you can link to multiple
products and services that you're
selling this is especially useful if you
have more than one thing that you're
trying to monetize and sell
best of all it doesn't cost any money to
use and you can get it for free
tip two tell your users to swipe up
when you create stories make sure you
create stories promoting whatever you
sell and intertwine them with
educational advice for example i may be
releasing three different stories on
instagram on seo advice my first tip
could be around content my second one
around how to generate more links and my
third tip around on-page seo and you
would want to give tactical advice in
those tips now right after the third
story i would create a fourth one saying
hey if you just want me to do all this
for you check out my ad agency np
digital swipe up and we can end up
helping you out
when you do this and a user swipes up
it'll take them to your website and you
can collect a lead or sell them on a
product right then and there
tip three
sell going live have you heard of tai
lopez you know that here in my garage is
a lamborghini guy
and did you know that tai owns companies
like dress barn and pier one if you live
in the united states you've probably
heard of at least pier one they're a
massive furniture company how did he own
those sites well he would go live on
social media pitch people to be investor
in his ventures and it worked
going live is a great opportunity for
you to get in front of your followers
and pitch them the more education your
content is the better you'll be
but don't forget to integrate that sales
pitch there is nothing wrong with
selling and if you don't sell you'll
never generate any revenue as my mom
always would tell me as a little kid if
you never ask you'll never receive
tip 4 promote through a post
when you post on your wall why can't it
be about your product or your service
even if it doesn't get as many likes or
comments that's okay there's nothing
wrong with selling and if you're
offering a limited time promotion you'll
find that'll do even better just make
sure your limit time promotions are
really limited time instead of never
ending promotions if you need help with
generating sales from instagram meta or
any social network out there or even
with your digital marketing check out my
ad agency np digital we're really good
at doing this for companies and if you
have any questions leave a comment below
i'm here to help if you enjoy the video
like it share it tell people about it
thank you for watching